[Decompression] Update SQL for finding job ID (#1455)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/compression/backfill-historical-data.md

# Backfill historical data on compressed chunks

When you backfill data, you are inserting data into a chunk that has already
been compressed. This section contains procedures for bulk backfilling, taking
you through these steps:

1.  Temporarily turning off any existing compression policy. This stops the
    policy from trying to compress chunks that you are currently working on.
1.  Decompressing chunks.
1.  Performing the insertion or backfill.
1.  Re-enabling the compression policy. This re-compresses the chunks you worked
    on.

<highlight type="note">
This section shows you how to bulk backfill data using a temporary table.
Temporary tables only exist for the duration of the database session, and then
are automatically dropped. If you backfill regularly, you might prefer to use a
regular table instead, so that multiple writers can insert into the table at the
same time. In this case, after you are done backfilling the data, clean up by
truncating your table in preparation for the next backfill.
</highlight>

## Backfill with a supplied function

> To simplify backfilling, you can use the [backfilling
> functions][timescaledb-extras-backfill] in the [TimescaleDB
> extras][timescaledb-extras] GitHub repository. In particular, the
> `decompress_backfill` procedure automates many of the backfilling steps for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make backfilling easier, you can use the 
[backfilling functions][timescaledb-extras-backfill] in the 
[TimescaleDB extras][timescaledb-extras] GitHub repository. In particular, the
`decompress_backfill` procedure automates many of the backfilling steps for you.
```
